doc: update nx cloud remote cache instruction (#2471)
AmadeusITGroup/otter: CONTRIBUTING.md

When building (`yarn build`) the project on the `main` branch (or another `release/*` branch), the remote cache will be downloaded.

> [!NOTE]

> > Only Otter Team member can write Remote Cache on Nx Cloud, the cache will use only to access build on pure release branches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Only Otter team members can write remote cache on Nx Cloud, the cache will only be used to access builds on pure release branches.
```

Reviewer: I don't know about the capitalization of `Remote Cache` (same thing for `Local Cache` below)...

> > Only Otter Team member can write Remote Cache on Nx Cloud, logged in user will be able to use Remote Cache in readonly access.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Only Otter Team members can write Remote Cache on Nx Cloud, logged in user will be able to use Remote Cache in readonly access.
```
